fix(learn): Possible semantic error in explanation comment (#39813)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-data-structures/copy-an-array-with-the-spread-operator.md

let thisArray = [true, true, undefined, false, null];
let thatArray = [...thisArray];
// thatArray equals [true, true, undefined, false, null]

> // thisArray remains unchanged, and is similar to thatArray

Reviewer: What about the following?
```suggestion
// thisArray remains unchanged and thatArray contains the same elements as thisArray
```
